Add on premise microk8s deployment guide (#5)
davidmirror-ops/flyte-the-hard-way: docs/on-premises/microk8s/01-preparing-raspberry-pi.md

# Preparing the Raspberry Pi

> Feel free to skip this section, if you already have a ubuntu-server powered machine in your homelab. This section will be a brief walk through the process of preparing a Raspberry Pi before installing microk8s.

Reviewer: Ubuntu Server

## Pre-requisites
### Hardware

> - Raspberry Pi 4 Modell B (8 GB RAM recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (8 GB RAM recommended)
```

- Raspberry Pi Power Supply & Ethernet Cable
- Micro SD Card & SD Card Reader
### Software
- The [Raspberry Pi Imager](https://www.raspberrypi.com/software/)

## Flash the Micro SD Card
- Download and run the Raspberry Pi Imager, choose your correct Raspberry Pi Device and select the Micro SD card that is connected to your machine

> - For the Operating System I recommend: `Other general-purpose OS > Ubuntu > Ubuntu Server 22.04.3 LTS (64-bit)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the Operating System use: `Other general-purpose OS > Ubuntu > Ubuntu Server 22.04.3 LTS (64-bit)`
```
